the story of the movie wrong house
starts with a scene
in which a girl running in a forest is
shown
regarding that a house is shown with a
girl named susan
slicing house pictures from a journal
afterward her husband george comes and
says let's go she gets ready to assist
him after answering some questions
george wants to invite his daughter who
is resting inside to participate him
she asks if she can stay here on which
george says we're leaving in half an
hour
later that girl emmy tells her friend
about susan that she's so fake
now george susan and emmy travel in a
car
this car stops in front of a restaurant
they all go inside
here emmy sees a man who sat at the
corner table
his face suddenly changes into a
horrible face
emmy gets scared but no one believes her
words
in car emmy says that she wants to go
home
but her father george says that we'll go
to visit a house first
and then we'll come back to our house
they reached that house after a long
journey for sale was written there
and a picture of its owner was also
printed there
as emmy sees a picture of that man she
tells that he's the same man
she saw in the restaurant
but her words are ignored
in a short time they reached there
no one was there
there was a speaker from which the voice
of welcome comes
this statement is also spoken that you
are free to visit the house
it is also said that by pressing the
button of the speaker
you can know and hear more about this
great place
after a short while a jeep comes there
and another family comes who had visited
the house before
both families meet each other for the
first time
following that george's family drives
toward a forest
a girl appears in front of their car as
they are driving
she is injured when she falls to the
ground
they all get down and see her and ask if
she's fine
her mouth was bleeding and she makes
strange voices
she touches emmy's face with her hand in
a mysterious way
immediately the car of second family
also arrives there
and takes them away in this car
everyone goes in front of that house
where for sale was written
actually both families were trapped here
now they try to get out of here in a car
but it stops in front of that house
the head of the other family asks them
to go and stay inside
whereas his wife says that it's a bad
idea
emmy tells that this strange girl
doesn't want to go inside
amy's father george asks her not to get
scared will be here together
in a short time they go inside
it was so dark there
this strange girl sees a man in a window
upstairs
he has hidden a child's face
he had put his hand on the child's face
later susan tells that that strange girl
is suffering from fever the next morning
the voice of welcome comes from the
speaker
the same statement is repeated and
everyone wakes up
and they see that the strange girl
wasn't there
they look out the window at a man with
his dog
the head of another family goes out but
he disappears when they come inside in a
while they find that strange girl
this scene shows that the tongue of the
girl is cut
one month passes a lady from the second
family was cleaning
that she sees a girl outside the window
she was her dead biological daughter it
is also shown that the son of the second
family walks with the help of crutches
he was recovering now
the son of the second family had the
name jason
he goes outside the house with emmy
jason's father gives him the pistol
before they end up leaving so that he
can safeguard himself
jason is with emmy
emmy observes a tiny boy outside the
window
she jumps back home and assures her
father that she had seen a toddler
her parents are busy with some notes and
things there was a picture too
where a picture of that kid was present
as well
so emmy recognizes him and says that he
is that kid
everyone goes upstairs quickly but no
one was there
downstairs the lady of the other family
open up a box
and take out many pieces of puzzles from
it and put this on the table
after this when she was thinking to
solve it
she hears the voice of mommy behind her
when she turns she sees her younger
daughter
stood behind her whom she saw through
the window
she hugs her daughter and sets her hair
that girl says that she can't stay here
and whispers in her mother's ear
that strange girl was observing
everything while lying on the sofa
no one was with this lady
she was trying to communicate with some
guy galley by actions in the next scene
a view of the forest is shown and it was
dinner time
susan says to that lady that she knows
that you know something
on which that lady says that she doesn't
know anything and i'm not on file
susan talks to her rudely because of
which she goes outside as the lady of
the second family goes outside she sees
her daughter again
she whispers in her ear again
in the next scene susan has a dream in
which she sees her husband george
he was so violent
after it she sees that man ron sitting
on a chair again
suddenly she wakes up
she gets afraid of her husband and says
that you can't do this
downstairs emmy was trying to join
puzzle pieces
then the head of the other family comes
and asks many questions from the strange
girl standing beside her
she becomes hyper after it
emmy's father assures him that nothing's
inside
everything will be fine
i shall not let happen anything to you
in the next scene emmy susan and george
reaches the forest jason's father points
his gun at him and says that you are
planning to escape one by one emmy's
father says of course not
the next morning emmy was washing her
face
that she sees her mother behind her in
the mirror
her throat was cut
on the other hand susan moves with a
small knife
and picks up a hammer as well
she hits the hammer on jason's father's
back
jason's father was about to die
due to this but jason asks him that how
can they get the road
he asks him about the road but he dies
george takes her daughter and that
strange girl emmy to the side
when susan is constantly crying
she says don't do that in the same way
george now decides to go out
he gives his gun to his daughter so that
she can protect herself
while on the other hand
george was trying to locate the road
through the back steps in the forest
as he reaches the mid of the forest he
hears the voice of hello
that person ron was standing behind with
his dog
but when george turns back he sees his
twin
emmy and that strange girl are hidden
behind the tree
george goes there and pulls that strange
girl by her hair
later kills her with a hammer and that
strange girl dies
emmy becomes very nervous and starts
weeping
and fires her father with her gun
as a result her father also dies
now she runs toward a forest
she sees a car
and falls in front of it
when a car stops there people make her
sit in it
she sees that some puzzle pieces are in
her pocket
this car stops in front of that house
again
she is just sitting there
when that ghost boy and his father stand
at the other car door
that ghost boy says she's back daddy and
pulls her toward them that man cuts
emmy's tongue with scissors
this complex movie leaves many questions
the author explains that essentially
ghost boy and ghost man are killing
people
by trying to take over the human body
and tormenting everyone's psychology
eventually we uncovered that this was an
old loop that was going to repeat itself
as we know now that emmy's tongue is cut
and she has become a strange girl now
for the people who'll come to visit this
house which is for sale
just like this emmy will hit the car of
this family
and they will bring this strange girl
into the strange house
they all will be trapped and killed as
well
that's the way this story will go